feat: Implement Create Module Command Layer (#40)
kyma-project/modulectl: cmd/modulectl/create/module/long.txt

Use this command to create a Kyma module, bundle it as an OCI artifact and optionally push it to the OCI registry.

### Detailed description

This command allows you to create a Kyma module as an OCI artifact and optionally push it to the OCI registry of your choice.

> For more information about a Kyma module see the [documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/lifecycle-manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about Kyma modules see the [documentation](https://github.com/kyma-project/lifecycle-manager).
```

This command creates a module from an existing directory containing the module's source files.
The directory must be a valid git project that is publicly available.
The command supports two types of directory layouts for the module:
- Simple: Just a directory with a valid git configuration. All the module's sources are defined in this directory.

> - Kubebuilder (DEPRECATED): A directory with a valid Kubebuilder project. Module operator(s) are created using the Kubebuilder toolset.

Reviewer: Please remove everything "Kubebuilder" in this PR!

- channel:          a string, required, channel that should be used in the ModuleTemplate CR
- mandatory:        a boolean, optional, default=false, indicates whether the module is mandatory to be installed on all clusters
- manifest:         a string, required, reference to the manifest, must be a relative file name
- defaultCR:        a string, optional, reference to a YAML file containing the default CR for the module, must be a relative file name
- resourceName:     a string, optional, default={NAME}-{CHANNEL}, the name for the ModuleTemplate CR that will be created
- security:         a string, optional, name of the security scanners config file
- internal:         a boolean, optional, default=false, determines whether the ModuleTemplate CR should have the internal flag or not
- beta:             a boolean, optional, default=false, determines whether the ModuleTemplate CR should have the beta flag or not
- labels:           a map with string keys and values, optional, additional labels for the generated ModuleTemplate CR
- annotations:      a map with string keys and values, optional, additional annotations for the generated ModuleTemplate CR

> - customStateCheck: a map with string keys and values, optional, define mapping between custom states to valid supported status

Reviewer: ;)
